hello to all we will see
today the stroller new trio of
schilb dream so that's it's done
since 701 on it's the handle
to enlarge of course for the
very tall people
so the stroller consists of a seat
self of a basket and a stroller
for older children
bigger
So here we are going to install a seat
automatically
so here's the car seat there you see
you have to put them in scrap hole
it came back to lean on
sees the dregs at 2 and a button not so a
button to actually drink it is for
bougival the branch is the ways for
move a wrist like this you see
so he makes the handle move
that he actually follows towards the edge and
the other side so this is it
the button actually to remove the knows
lottery of the structure that's the same
a secretary button button
the other side very easy and very easy
to install
so here is to installed nacelle
you will see a big button there
it is to remove it in celebration and
button 1 to scan end other side that
it is to allow to fold in fact the
hook
so because the basket folds into
does all this goes back up and actually these
also bends take up less space
so here is the mattress is in fact
one does not have to buy the and buttons
also and a button of this snack a
button on the other side it's for
allow to lower in fact seizes it
in fact so especially when you go to
that of a salt do not forget about report
I'd like to drop below
here and will bring down
the hanging clung to the box
as sade is stable to move not that
this is the basket and this is his stroller
for the greatest did or so
so as you see December that falls
to a handle to put his hands the
footrest make up adjustable feet
in fact on this side not and the other
side actually two buttons can go up
get off the crbc and its ascent
to act less than me if I am
to show you the limit in photo
so here is no need to press the
two buttons at the same time hop you
see against the rain so all
captives
we see lapland it's the same
remove and buttons and a button there and
such a side button so it's
same time more on both buttons
to remove it
so here I have withdrawn from a fair side
to show you so you see as
it raised it to get the child out
in order to avoid removing everything so
very practical life and that's the handle
is removed here I say more
there is the brake the brake for the
rear wheels raised is very
handy to will this be well if he knows
that changing does not either
atari a mattress a little sport month
just to change the layers
this could actually hang here
now she's a repression button
here on this side actually this side not and
here is the hooked here is also a
little trick publicis so at the butcher
the holes actually where there are wrists
who settles on we are small catch
like that
There you go
and he wishes to appear there with the button
actually sign this with what good
now I show you how the
fold it in fact one must be the brake
of francs ben may francs then he
have to press here so here so I'm going
try to show everything so folded in
the dune your and then c
the stroller is folded good there I could not
well applied because I had the
time I will say but it's like in
hands so here I forgot about you
say something also the wheels get
disassembling done just support his big
buttons here kill them
so here we removed it's a gain
of place so thank you for having me
followed the next cold if you have
questions let me
comments or contact me by mail
next time thank you